[ACA] Add CPU and memory scale rule examples. (#126108)
Azure/azure-content: articles/container-apps/tutorial-scaling.md

  --resource-group my-container-apps \
  --location centralus \
  --environment 'my-container-apps' \

>   --image mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/samples:aspnetapp \

Reviewer: Add a comment mentioning that you're using this image to help trigger scaling, and that you don't need to know or use .NET to complete this procedure.

Author: Added.

```json
{
    "TimeStamp":"2023-08-01 18:09:52 +0000 UTC",
    "Type":"Normal",
    "ContainerAppName":"my-container-app",
    "RevisionName":"my-container-app--9uj51l6",
    "ReplicaName":"my-container-app--9uj51l6-5f96557ffb-f795d",

>     "Msg":"Replica 'my-container-app--9uj51l6-5f96557ffb-f795d' has been scheduled to run on a node.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "RevisionName":"my-container-app--00001111",
    "ReplicaName":"my-container-app--00001111-aaaa-2222-bbbb",
    "Msg":"Replica 'my-container-app--00001111-aaaa-2222-bbbb' has been scheduled to run on a node.",
```
replacing values with approved GUIDs

:::image type="content" source="media/scale-app/azure-container-apps-scale-replicas-metrics-3.png" alt-text="Screenshot of container app metrics graph, showing requests split by replica, in a zoomed view.":::

## CPU and memory scaling

> You should prefer [HTTP scale rules](/azure/container-apps/scale-app#http) to CPU or memory scale rules when possible.

Reviewer 2: We should probably remove this unless we want to explain in detail why (can't scale to 0, etc)

> When you use the Azure CLI to add a scale rule to a container app that already has a scale rule, the new scale rule replaces the old scale rule. To see how to add multiple scale rules, see [Multiple scale rules](#multiple-scale-rules).

Reviewer 2: This might work better as a note in the instructions.

> After you add a CPU or memory scale rule, you can test it by [sending requests to your container app](#send-requests) and [viewing the scaling in Azure portal](#view-scaling-in-azure-portal-optional).

Reviewer 2: Since it's the quickstart container, I doubt sending it requests will make it consume more or less CPU/memory.

Author: I tried the ASP.NET quickstart image as well but had the same issue (namely, these quickstart images don't use a lot of CPU/memory). Do you know of a more resource-hungry ACA image? I just set the CPU/memory thresholds to 1 and max replicas to 10 and noted these values were for the purpose of demonstration only.

### CPU scaling

> CPU scaling allows your app to scale in or out depending on how much the CPU is being used. CPU scaling doesn't allow your container app to scale to 0. For more information about this trigger, see [KEDA CPU scale trigger](https://keda.sh/docs/scalers/cpu/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CPU scaling allows your app to scale in or out depending on how much the CPU is being used. CPU scaling doesn't allow your container app to scale to zero. For more information about this trigger, see [KEDA CPU scale trigger](https://keda.sh/docs/scalers/cpu/).
```

> Add a CPU scale rule to your container app by running the `az containerapp update` command. Replace the `<PLACEHOLDERS>` with your values. The CPU utilization value is the percentage of CPU utilization at which you want to scale your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a CPU scale rule to your container app by running the `az containerapp update` command.

Before running the following command, replace the `<PLACEHOLDERS>` with your values.
```
